Remove feedback requirement notes (#106)
jpchase/ExperimentalFramework: developer-guide.md

    Please see [How do I renew a token that is about to expire/has expired?](#renew) for how to renew your tokens 
    to continue participating in the trial.

> ### 12. Do I need to provide feedback for the trial if I request a token?

Reviewer: Avoid changing the number/title of existing questions, so add this new entry to the end of the list.

The number and title form part of the link. Where possible, we should preserve the title, so that existing references to specific questions aren't broken.

If a question has an explicit anchor, like the "renew" for question 12, then it's more reasonable to change the title or number.

Author: I see - I've updated it to mitigate number changing here.

> As of February 12, 2023, submitting feedback for a trial is optional, but encouraged. Over the course of your participation in the trial, you will receive some notifications by email prompting for your feedback on the feature, along with instructions on how to do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of February 12, 2024, submitting feedback for a trial is optional, but encouraged. Over the course of your participation in the trial, you may receive notifications to ask for your feedback on the feature.
```

Correcting the year, and suggested edit to make it shorter.

<a name="renew"></a>
### 13. How do I renew a token that is about to expire/has expired? 

- You should receive a reminder email to renew the token before it expires. That email includes a 
    link to the registration page in the [developer console](https://developers.chrome.com/origintrials/#/trials/active).
    You can also go directly to the page in the console, by finding the trial in the list on
    [My Registrations](https://developers.chrome.com/origintrials/#/trials/my).
- On the registration page, use the Renew button to generate a new token.

> - Tokens are set to expire only at the end of the registered origin trial. However, in some cases,

Reviewer: This point is already covered in the previous question (11), and can be removed. If desired, you could revise the text of 11, but I don't think it should be added here.

    when a valid token is provided. The exclusion percentage varies for each trial, but is
    typically less than 5%.

<a name="expiry-date"></a>
### 22. What does the expiry date mean for my tokens?  

> Tokens are guaranteed to be accepted by Chrome up to the expiry date. This date is typically identical with the end date of the origin trial. In some instances, the end date of the origin trial is extended from the trial's origin end date. If you would like to continue participating in the origin trial during this additional phase, you will need to generate a new token by selecting the "Renew" button on your registration's detail page.

Reviewer: I know the existing question about _Valid Until_ uses the "guaranteed to be accepted" verbiage. However, that's not really true, given a trial/token can be disabled at any time. I suggested alternate verbiage, although most anything that avoids "guaranteed" would be fine.

Also, don't repeat the explanation about token expiry != trial end date. Instead, link to the existing explanation. I suggest adding an explicit anchor tag to question 11, and referring to that.

```suggestion
Tokens are considered valid by Chrome up to the expiry date. The expiry date is usually the same as the end date of the origin trial. See <link to question 11>.
```
